Update rancher-desktop.md (#8)
Su-informatics-lab/ardac: helm/docs/rancher-desktop.md

* Install https://docs.rancherdesktop.io/getting-started/installation
* Once installed and started, review the Troubleshooting. Some warnings may cause problems later on
* Under Settings -> Virtual Machine Memory 16GB, 8 CPUs. During testing less memory caused the portal (webpack) build to fail

>   * Meaning your machine should have more then 16GB so that your local OS has memory

Author: ```suggestion
  * Meaning your machine should have more than 16GB. 32GB is recommended.
```
